Consistent introduction of ML-KEM-512, various updates (#1)
openpgp-pqc/draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp: draft-individual-openpgp-nist-bp-comp.md

        name: Victor Shoup
    date: 2003

--- abstract

This document defines PQ/T composite schemes based on ML-KEM and ML-DSA combined with ECC algorithms using the NIST and Brainpool domain parameters for the OpenPGP protocol.

--- middle

# Introduction

> [draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc-03] introduces post-quantum cryptography in OpenPGP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document introduces additional PQ/T algorithms in OpenPGP and extends [draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc-03].
```

I just think it's better not to start the sentence / section with a reference

Author: I rewrote the start of the introduction accordingly.
